## Aspen LiDA Updates
// mark
### Hold Updates
- Correctly place holds when the button to place hold for a specific volume is shown. (DIS-988) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Remove unused expo-cached-image component. (DIS-984) (*MDN*)
- Add the ability to use logging levels when logging errors and information within LiDA. Desired Logging Level is set within apps.json prior to compile. (DIS-985) (*MDN*)
- Remove build number from version.json. (DIS-1061) (*MDN*)
- Include stage of release within version information. (DIS-392) (*MDN*)
  - alpha during development process
  - beta with number during testing period
  - blank for full release

// kirstien
### Hold Updates
- Added checkbox to update Remember Pickup Location option to bypass the hold prompt if possible. (DIS-1005) (*KK*)
- The hold prompt will now follow the same rules when prompting if the user has selected to bypass it (no linked accounts, no volumes, etc.). (DIS-1005) (*KK*)

### Preferences Updates
- If the library allows users to update pickup locations there will a menu link to Manage Pickup Locations where the user can set preferred pickup locations, and if enabled, the option to bypass hold prompts. (DIS-1005) (*KK*)

// katherine - grove

// imani
### Aspen LiDA Updates
- Modified NotificationToggle to pass results into getAppPreferences into updateAppPreferences call which had been preventing more then 1 change to notification preferences happening from notification permission screen.
- added '0' to value check in updatePreference in NotificationToggle which in some cases was causing notification permissions to not be turned on properly.

//alexander - open fifth
### Other Updates
- Convert data to string in updateSelectedLibrary. (DIS-955) (*AB*)
